[inaudible]
But I don't hope you understand it because I don't.
Anyway, the only expertise I have is in my own experience.
And nobody can match me in that.
And my real life's purpose has been to know a little bit about a great many things.
In contrast to that, I know a lot about many things, but I don't know very much about any of them.
But that's been my thing. My thing is medicine and general practice.
I know a little bit about a lot of ailments, but I've never become a specialist.
In the sports field, I've studied the teachings of all the great religions.
And I know a little bit about many of them, but I'm not an expert in any of those fields.
But that has been my thing. My way of having fun.
So we've done lots of fulfilling on the inner drive, but nobody knows your blueprint except
you.
And don't put this shit on anybody else, and don't let anybody else write his shit on you.
Don't let Basalamu put his shit on you, if it doesn't feel like it's what you want.
And so, back about 20 years ago, I took a couple seminars in technology.
And I got interested in science, and actually used the books of Christopher Black Murphy and Roy Burnett, some of the guys.
So I played with technology and made the versions with a few people, plenty of machines, and
a lot of bright and hard-to-read type of things.
So I've used it a few times in my practice, and it's been a good portion of my life,
I say it again for our friends and family.
My wife gave me that prescription for her nephritis.
Most of them without telling me what it was.
Because in our country, the future, many people are frightened by the worst.
They've heard the strange things about us and people get so over it and they seem to say hypnosis,
which is rather repugnant of many people, to say we're in that stuff that's progressive.
And so she didn't call him, no, she said, "I'm going to teach you how to relax."
And so she got along very well with Old D.Pace.
Then, Mary Margaret, as I said, was a nomad in Barbican.
About 1963, I think, was the first semester.
I'd gone to Los Angeles and advised a group at a psychologist's office
who has been to many more talks,
as well as Stanford's research,
which is essentially my transfer to the experiments,
and so on and so forth.
And he's done a really fine research program,
and very well done.
My margaret has been to so many,
a number of other people,
and so they were meeting every week at the psychologist office,
material. So I was invited to go and talk to them because we had explored that with
President of the University of Houston, Carolene Maxwell. And as a child, we're curious to understand
it. And so if I invite you to come and talk to them, that's where I first met Mary Marty,
when I was in sixth grade. And we've known her over the years. She's been our friend,
She was a very kind lady.
She had a lot of different homes where she lived in California,
up in British Columbia,
Calif., Santa Clara, and so forth.
So,
so, one time she was at a place called "Place H"
where she lived, and she went back to her last town of Kennedy in Palestine.
And there she was born a protestant prophet,
sort of, saying "Hello" to the Japanese.
So,
then a few months later,
a few dozen months later,
She was having some personal problems and came down from Santa Fe talking about events.
She says that maybe if we use hypnosis, we can go back to something that could cause a problem.
And then, man, man, man, man,
uh, he came down on that, uh, early December 19th,
so, seven, five years ago,
he came down.
And the main reason, no, was to find out what's on him.
So I said, "Okay,
the induction technique works quite well."
So then I said, "Would you go to some of that in this lifetime or some other,
that will help us to understand
I said, "How old are you?"
He said, "About 60."
He said, "About 70."
I said, "How old are you?"
He said, "About 80."
He said, "About 70."
I said, "How old are you?"
He said, "About 80."
He said, "About 70."
I said, "How old are you?"
He said, "About 80."
He said, "About 70."
I said, "How old are you?"
He said, "About 80."
He said, "About 70."
And I said, "Anybody else there?"
"Yes, there's five young monks working on it."
I said, "How old are you?"
"I'm about 60."
I said, "Have you always been a monk?"
"I've been a monk for a while."
"No, but you've seen me."
"No, I've had a wife and children."
"No, but the Turks killed them all many years ago."
"And I came out here to this monastery to be praying to the gods."
So this is situation.
And at this point there is an interruption.
There is something obvious, a different ending, a different personality, a different feeling.
But we have been working for this moment for a long time.
And we are glad to have this opportunity to speak to you more directly for you.
you will present a problem to the three powers also.
Well, what a good, but that's kind of a pity.
Now, if I'm interested in Mr. Moore's performance,
what Mr. Moore would have to say to me,
I have to take some of the blame,
but Mr. Moore would have to be very kind and tell,
and just go over there and say,
To yourself, not to him, but to yourself. Remember why we changed it.
Remember why we changed it.
So, she started telling him.
The same began to change.
Probably, I suppose, because he was changed.
He was not responding.
He was not responding with anger.
That was probably what he said.
But, sure enough, he said, "There will be a substantive communication if you will do this.
I said, "We'll make changes in him too."
Later on, well she was, after my mother came back from Norman County,
and I told her about what happened, she was
"No, Mr. Curry,
you mean I'm going to be a psychic?
I don't want to be a part of that."
And I said, "Well, this could be different."
I've had a lot of experience with psychic in my 25 or 30 years,
I had to find out whether the death of the body was a random one.
I found out.
But I had experience with many sizes.
I was born with many communications like this.
And to me, this felt...
It was something authentic to me.
It spoke as the book says, as what would happen in Florida.
So, I tried to be assured of it.
But I felt that something was wrong with me.
So, um, she didn't want anybody to find out about it.
She didn't tell Justin about it.
Because, well, naturally I did.
But, uh, about, uh, I think it was March of '78,
Justin, who was a counselor at the State Penitentiary,
near Santa Fe,
Mary Margaret was just staying at St. John's College in Santa Fe.
It was in the summertime.
And uh, Justin was attending a big conference, a conference of great scholars, which was part of a Canada town like so, forgotten which one.
And about 45 people got sick after that.
And the icing was black, which was very serious, often serious, and there were at least some two-points.
There were two or three of them died I think.
And we'd have a session with our talk and we'd have a session with our talk and we'd have
a session with our talk and we'd have a session with our talk and we'd have a session with
our talk and we'd have a session with our talk and we'd have a session with our talk and we'd
have a session with our talk and we'd have a session with our talk and we'd have a session
And we'd have a session with Bartholomew.
We had the bypass session.
So finally she told him about Bartholomew.
And he came, well he was recovering from his baptism.
He and Martin came to our place and spent a few days with us.
And he had his first conversation with Bartholomew.
And uh, Mary Magdalene was pretty tense about it because, well I believe they let go of
her when Gwentolyn became a girl with Jocelyn.
It wasn't a big deal for her.
But today, Gwentolyn said to Jocelyn, she said, "Mr. Moore, you made a commitment before you
came into this life to go to the top seriously.
You have been failing in your commitment and so has the woman.
Baham, you always talk about the woman.
And so has the woman.
There is important work for you to do in this life.
Now I think it's about time that you got to say goodbye.
If you're hearing, Baham, you're supposed to say goodbye now.
If you are, I think it's important that you get to show on both.
Just, yes master, yes master, yes master.
And he did that.
And the opinion on that was remarkable.
So things began to be different with him.
And that Marty said, he didn't believe that at the same time as he was before.
And Justin said, "You know, when I started seeing the top of my tongue, I had a lot of questions I wanted to ask."
And he said, "You asked it all before I ever asked any of it."
They were told that if your past internment has been very nerve-wracking, one last time
you will be very serious about it.
They said that one last time is a very important thing.
They said that another last time could be very sensitive.
They said this time you are bound to go for the top, seriously.
They said that you haven't been doing it.
So then, then, things began to be difficult for him.
Then, and then, when Bartholomew, well, when this entity interrupted,
this past life of my father, that is to say, my nephew, had given the name of Bartholomew,
I said, "What is your name?" He said, "Bartholomew."
He was his nephew's name.
And so a couple of sessions later, I said to this entity,
It's really not that I was wrong, it was a past life that I had.
You should know that I was close enough to that one at that time that the vibrations and such I could commit.
And so I used that as an opportunity to begin this work.
So then, well I said, "Can I have a name?"
He said, "There's a name to call it by." And I said, "Well, name's not important."
He said if I wouldn't do this to him, unfortunately, he would always be much excited by me.
He said the skeptics would be even more turned off if I said I was Jesus.
And he said some psychics that I've controlled, I've heard, whether he's Jesus or not,
they think, "Oh, I was here. You know, this is how my community thinks."
And I don't get turned off.
And if a person I knew, he said, "Call me the dog. It doesn't matter.
Call me Joe if you want to. Names don't matter.
Look what I say to his students, he's gonna do something.
But his names don't matter.
So we called him Bertone.
He never tried that life that he had his first lifetime.
There was a case that I don't know if you folks have heard about Bertone's past life.
You heard that very impressive thing.
And at that time he said there's tons of other nice things.
But if I told you about them, I was kind of arrogant.
Yeah.
And so, since that time, I suspected that I know who they were.
Maybe I should, maybe I shouldn't tell you.
I don't know. But I think one of them was Saint Francis of Tisza.
Because a lot of people know all the details of Saint Francis' life.
And the other was Ramona, who's picture I passed around about me.
because 5 different people in Socorro, who had come to our meetings in Socorro,
I saw them communicate with each other,
had told me, each one in the penitentiary,
"You know, I saw one of the world's teachers on their day."
One of them said, "I saw a bearded man similar to Martin Luther King."
So I got that picture and I passed it on.
And I said, "Does it look like this?"
He said, "Yes, that's exactly what it looks like."
So I was telling this to a group in Detroit,
there's a people learning machine that was on in Detroit last spring, I was at work.
And, uh, finally the group said, "Well, maybe it's fixed."
Because there was one of my groups saw that same thing
when we were up here giving a workshop in Detroit.
So, I asked what they were on about.
"How about this, what's it on this thing?"
He said, "Well, let us just say that Bartholomew has never been absent from any of our sessions."
He means Romano.
"Well, Romano has never been absent."
Romano does some strange things.
"Romano has never been absent from any of our sessions."
And I myself have been working with Romano for years.
I found his teacher 20 years ago.
The teachings are identical to those of Barsalami, except Barsalami puts it in the current idiomatic language with a little more sense of humor than Vermont Head for Naps, I don't know.
But I think there was something, some relationship there when Barsalami first came up with my map.
Somebody I'd known for a long time. And somebody knew how everybody was taught.
And so at that first session, after he told me what to tell me about it, he said, "Tell
the woman to do this about her problems."
And then he said, "You need to give me a question."
I said, "Sure.
First question, can I get my paper to her?"
He said, "Okay, get your paper to her."
So I went back and came back, and he was waiting patiently.
So I've been taking everything.
Unfortunately, I did not know that that first question was going to be a question.
I didn't know that it was going to be a question.
that I've been taking ever since.
Unfortunately,
I did not learn it that first time,
which is a lot.
You don't learn first
things, but I think you learn
a lot of things.
But,
it's been a frightening
experience for me to be on the whole thing.
I was struggled there for about
25 or 30 years
I was finding some of the greatest teachers in the ancient religions
and Ramana is my favorite.
Then, when I found him about 20 years ago,
Ramana said, "For me, this doesn't mean you all should have it."
And I said, "Ramana has been around saying the same thing,
but with more emphasis on the past," he said, "something like that."
I thought, "Well, that's how many centuries, that's how long ago."
So I said to Barbara, "You know, I don't come back because I want to hear what you say, I come back because I love you."
So, she said, "It's my love."
And he said, "Yeah."
So I made sure we went back to another side, because I made a lot of mistakes.
But it's a good thing that I'm still here.
I'm still here.
I don't know if I'm saying this right, but to me, if someone who speaks for the project,
who knows what he's talking about, and his best work is that with individuals,
we asked him about that one time, and he said, "Well, I'm speaking with one person,
a binary group, member with their energy, but I don't see you as project, I see you as vibrating energy,
energy and more and so my energy is maybe what you're in it because so there's real community
so you can really
really go into your situation but you don't need to be nervous i don't i don't
i don't look into things you don't want to know
they get in a group the energy is more diluted
And so the group tapes I think are excellent for many purposes.
It's not the best word, kind of, for this work.
And some of the recent readings by me and my expert on social media,
some of the readings by men on the internet,
the handwritten learning with a book called Justice,
the pen with a question in a weekly outline,
some of my writing pages about the problem,
And they did it!
And uh, Mary Margaret said not long ago she said that she was first sighted, first mailed it, that she was pretty tense about it.
And she didn't even know about those people.
And then she got scared off the track.
And a few weeks ago she got a letter from someone with an English name and, and by then we started talking, getting to reading for this person about her Jewish background.
Now you might think that this must be wrong, this must be wrong, because in the end, they
talked about a Jewish background, because she didn't have a Jewish background.
And she didn't have the problem of the pathology of that kind.
So maybe it's beginning to be like, he kept the fact that this character mostly talks about.
It's interesting, it happened about two years ago, when we were talking about pathology,
I told her to run, my wife's a loser and all that.
And Johnson, he said, he was a long time before she ever was willing to talk to a group of
people.
One time, at the end of the day, I asked her, I said, well, if you couldn't talk to a group
of people, could you make a case for it?
Oh, yes, I could.
So you better stay.
But my mother said, "Don't let that hate get out to anybody else. If it wants to make money, you'll have to know about it."
So I kept it very quiet.
Then, sometimes, six months later, I told him, "I think maybe she's over the top."
And he's been very careful not to switch her if you don't know about this.
Of course, he's been very temperate with him.
He'll ask her questions.
She said I have access to a vast area of information.
So I asked her to text me, but she only sent me a few.
She said she didn't want to see me.
Then she said she didn't want to talk to me.
And I said I think she really wants to talk to me.
Then she said she didn't want to go to the dental clinic.
And after a while she said she wanted to.
So I said I'll be good on her part.
I said maybe she'll watch me.
She would be helpful in the form.
You may model something while it's on there.
In the beginning, she said it was like a dream.
If you had any strength in your thoughts, it's real.
If the hypnotist says you will remember it's here, it's off the ground.
If the hypnotist says you may forget this, which some of them do,
my system works so that you may remember that you have a dream that you want to.
And so, in the beginning, she remembered the experience.
Well, it's like a dream.
Some of it came into the important point, too, of the numbers.
But then she gradually came to that suicide that was not a dream, though.
And then she just had to learn to do it after a while.
So, it kind of made her a patient in Santa Fe, and that's how she got to Cornell, and that's still there, and that's a good thing, though.
And then I said, "This is John Togliatti, I'm going to come in now."
And then almost all of us would say, "Good morning!" or "Good evening."
And come and help us.
And that was his very first experience.
Her experience was just about equivalent to anybody else in the room.
They came in just like the rest of us are.
She heard the questions from the audience.
The world is all in her hands, she's the one with what it's going to say.
And yet her mechanism is unique and unadvanced.
So it's hard to explain, it's true.
But yes, in years of now, this has been her presentation.
But she has a slight insight into what life's going to have before her.
Did you ever hear of any of what was really on the list?
Just the...
What was by far the most?
Well, I'd say it's not as bad as it's making me think.
I'm not going to forget that. I can't go back to 50 years and fix that.
I don't know. I didn't find out.
My wife didn't find out.
Her wife dead, I don't know.
Somebody took her by the arm.
If you're having some, that's good though.
It's general.
It's good time for you to tell your wife.
Well I don't know.
But then, then!
But you have characterized yourself as wearing a John MacDonald suit.
You have characterized yourself as John MacDonald, you know, the one you wear in the vehicle
from the movie, right?
Yeah, yeah, I found out about that.
Yeah, I was a board member for Paula Jury, my best group for him.
Now I'm John MacDonald for the Don.
So here's the band over here.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm sorry.
I don't think we're wrong, sorry.
We don't know what it looks like to hear.
Yeah, my guess is that it's a reference to a problem.
Yeah.
Makes reference to a narrative problem in the middle.
To a theme.
For example.
But makes reference to my own idea more as the example.
As the example?
Yeah.
No.
Because we're wrong.
No, I don't think it might be an example, I would think.
You know how somebody could live?
Remember all this?
All my mistakes.
All my mistakes. I don't remember who's mistakes I made.
But he would make mistakes like this.
His mom used to be a counselor.
She taught him about the four of keys.
I don't know if you hear that.
That guy's ringing the bells with me and I don't know.
But he was never sitting there up in the bathroom.
So I don't know what that is.
I'll explain that later.
I'll see if I can find any information on the world.
If there's any questions, anything, I'll try to find out.
If you see a person with a normal life, they're going to choose that person.
More than probably yes.
Not as much as they could probably.
Even though they're going to go right to the hospital.
And good kind can take pretty things to the past, just like the rest of us.
No, she has to not be a true witch-hawk by any means.
And she goes out of her way to convince him with not anything to look up to.
She said she gave a workshop at the San Diego, and they wanted to put her up on a pedestal.
So I made a point of saying bullshit a few times.
So the dream rider was just a high-end deal in his face.
No, she doesn't want to put on a face.
I would normally tell her, if your ego ever gets involved with her, this, this, can't stop.
But I've never seen it in the case where it has been, having to involve her.
She's very, very humble person, but not too much selfish.
She doesn't want to think what man is responsible, she also thinks,
I'm not going to say anything about Romana.
I found Romana about 20 years ago when I was getting some books from a bookstore in Indiana
And when he sent me this book, he said, "This book might be a little too old."
He said, "If it's not, send it back tomorrow."
And when I saw that book, I thought, "This is it."
And it has been, ever since.
He was the man who was born in 1975.
And he was 10, 10 years old.
He got to that age.
And he was a young man.
And he was getting 10 years old, he got what he said was some spiritual understanding.
And one day, he said, "Well, if this body dies, then what am I?"
So he laid down on the floor, made himself rigid, and had all the feelings of being dead.
And then he said, "Well, the body's dead, but I'm not dead. So the body is not on it."
And he achieved that realization at that moment, which he never lost.
For the next 60 years or so.
60, 70 years.
There was a young man, 17 then, who dropped out of high school.
And went off to an ashram in South India.
In a little town called Dhirigadamilai.
There's a mountain there that's the state of Sureshiva.
He sat down in that temple, in the temple courtyard, and just sat there for a year or two.
And the other people around there found it surreal, given it happened in this country, they were flossing up, getting intoxicated or something.
But there they understood. So they took care of him, turned the bullseye and walked some more, I guess.
The answer to the way where we got on the ground on the surface or the thing is up to him, I would say.
But he was completely unconscious of it. He was living a world of bliss.
And they forced him to leave the house, or somewhere else, he didn't care what they thought.
And finally, the guy, he responded to it out of guilt.
And so he stayed there at that place and never left it for the rest of his life.
So people came from all over the world to see him.
One time, towards the end of his life, they held a party called Darshan, where if you
left on a holo-band, you gained some bad karma, some incase understanding.
This time it was some kind of a ritual, and he was in the middle of it.
This time it was some kind of a celebration or a holiday.
There were thirty thousand people outside just to look at him.
He had his back up.
So he's not well known worldwide, but he is known worldwide in small groups.
Alan Watts, for instance, used to have one of his paintings on his wall in California.
I've seen this picture in many places around here.
In Vermont.
He never took anybody from anybody.
He never made himself out to be better than anybody else.
Somebody asked him one time, "Would you be like this?"
He said, "Yes, but you'll be running."
He said, "I'll be running."
I'm not saying that you should be a good person, but you should be a good person.
But this reminds us, as I said, it doesn't speak to everybody.
It reminds whole people to find out who you are.
Come on out and I'll admit it. Please.
I was at work tonight, you know.
See what we can do there. And you never can find out.
Not this way.
[ Silence ]
Yes, yes, yes.
That's part of the Lamarckian mindset.
Lamarckians are always thinking, "Oh, I'm compassionate.
Lamarckians are always thinking, "Oh, I'm compassionate. Lamarckians are always thinking, "Oh, I'm not wasting."
They've heard of Lamarckians.
Mahārūṣa. You've heard of Mahārūṣa in my own travels.
Mahārūṣa. Mahārūṣa means great in Sanskrit or Hindi, whatever the language is.
Like Mahatma Gandhi. Mahārūṣa means great. Ātman means soul, too.
So Mahātmā means a great soul, Gandhi.
Mahārūṣa. Rīṣa is a word that means great people.
So Mahārūṣa is a very great people.
Because Shri Bhagavan Ramana Maharshi, Bhagavan is the Lord.
So the Hindus are very slumbering on their religious ideals.
So they make a big to-do.
The Jain people are very austere.
So the Hindus are very slumbering on their path, I would say.
So, in Bhagavan Ramana Maharshi, the great, honoured Lord Ramana, the great teacher.
So, when you say Ramana, I don't know any other teacher who uses that particular concept.
The Maharishi, yes. But Maharishi.
So, usually when I talk about this, I just say Ramana, because when I say Maharishi,
Let me think of that other case, which has no relationship to this man.
And so, the past, perhaps in past lives, I have some connection with that same antithesis between Ramana, Vatsalva and Surya.
And that Ramana entity was the same as the Bhajan entity, if there's any such thing as an entity.
I'm not sure if that's the right way to say it.
But we have to talk about it because we don't want anyone to understand it.
So if that is so, then at least the flag has that kind of value.
And it became an and began to take shape.
Which we now call the song.
So, I have a question.
The difference between the two states is not the relationship of the two states.
The difference between the two states is the relationship of the two states.
That's up to your listening, I presume.
You see, there is nothing separate.
No one are not separate.
The mind tells us, yes, we have separate bodies.
This is the ego game. The ego game is the game of separation.
And so we take all these bodies and play this game of separation.
And sexual separation is another exaggeration of our feeling separation.
Now, if you are deeply in love with someone,
then you feel separate from that person.
No.
There's something.
There's something in here that says we are one.
And when you begin to feel that one,
not only for a special person,
but for everyone.
The Buddha said,
"You should love everyone as a mother loves her own child."
That's the most efferent way.
The head creates efferent.
The ego plays the game of efferent.
We are in competition.
Because if you get that goody, then I can't have it.
So I fight to retain my possession.
So now I beat everybody. The ego fights everybody.
But the self, it can't get away.
It's one with everybody.
Instead, the thing that goes wrong is the mind has been trying to get us to realize
that there is no one here in us, but we are as love.
God is love and we are created in his likeness, and that is why we are.
God doesn't have a body like this, except he does, he has yours.
My dad dresses up like everybody.
Put on a mask.
Here is Paul, here is Michael, here is, you know, all of them.
This is God's expression.
No words on the ocean of penance.
Each word is meant to separate.
But there's no difference in those words.
Can't a raindropper turn into an ocean?
It is the ocean.
It doesn't really get lost. It is the ocean.
And so the moment I find out who you are, that's who you are.
No separate ones.
But the hell doesn't bother me.
And many people are not interested in playing that game.
They want to play an evil game.
They come here for that perfect, evil thing.
And so, if somebody's not interested in spiritual things, that's one.
Probably the best analogy of what life is all about is Jesus' little story of the cargo ship.
He left home to go out to explore the far country, having self-attached.
When things got rough, then he said, "We can't remember."
Then he remembered his father's name.
And then he said, "Maybe it would be better if I go home. I no longer deserve to be my father's son because I've just taken one month off my inheritance."
And that was the last of it.
"But maybe if I can get a job on the farm. Maybe a farm has a good enough job. And that would be better than this situation."
So he took off for home.
"No one has left our father's house,"
Clark called it the Great Separation.
Back before time was, before this universe was,
there was a time and a source of human race
who only contained a handful
separated just from the source
to go out and play these games.
Young men and young women who left home,
left their father's house,
to go out to play these games.
Now if someone had simply left one man,
Why are you still making fun of me? Come on.
Come on.
Hey bud, you don't belong.
You know, you really shouldn't be out here.
Really, don't bother me.
Don't bother me.
So this is what most people say.
They say, you know, you should get all those kids that could
really find out who you are.
Don't bother me.
It's not kind to bother anybody.
But, if someone is
in the situation of that young man
He said, "I think maybe I should go home."
Something in him said, "My name is Colin. I want to go home."
Now, when he gets home, what happens?
Does his father follow the Christian tradition?
He says, "No, you can't take anyone to have someone home until they're dead."
He must go through a ritual to sit down on their knees and apologize.
He must be paid that amount.
Is that what the father did?
Yes.
Welcome.
My son has been dead, now he's a lawmaker.
We must have a party for him, let's have a celebration.
Yes.
B'tzalma says, "God does not judge or condemn, God only loves."
I think in that little story, it makes that point.
And so if you are ready to find your way home, fine, then B'tzalma is for you.
I don't think we'll find a better seat.
I'm sorry, but that doesn't mean you're no better.
You're not ready to talk to Wendell.
No. Don't bother with it.
It's a lot of nonsense.
But to me, that little bit of a societal shock tells the whole story.
Of why we're here, what it's all about.
That's what it's all about.
Yeah, but the people have to come first, right?
Yeah, well...
First I want to make a speech of, um...
Now being a good time to go home,
Today is a good day, is it not? Yeah.
Today is always the best time to go home.
So we're going to need to not only resolve it now,
So now, Jesus said, not only for the time of the struggle,
today is the day we will hear His voice.
Because there is no other time.
You can't find God next week, next month,
on some other planet. No, right now.
God is always present, every day.
God is just as much within you as He was in the Christ,
or is in the Christ.
Just as much.
God is manifested more than before.
But there's no more of the divine within that abjigi or the mangottama or the Buddha.
If you manifest that, that's it.
And that's what you should expect.
And you have to get...
You have to be still in order to do that.
You have to get this mental clarity to work out.
You have to begin to focus and find out where you live, if you live here.
How long we've lived up here in the hill?
And the hill is up there.
The hill can be a good hill of itself, yeah.
But that hill has become a monster.
In that sense.
We've had a way out of it.
It's been about,
Bob told me, four years ago, he said,
"We need to get more out of your hill, to move on."
We've got to stay low. Stay low, and think that.
Not that we should leave anything,
I don't think you can leave any of them out now.
You can leave the two members of the team.
Just the two of them.
The four members.
The original masters.
The one top team.
I don't think you can leave that to me.
You can leave...
You can leave them out to vote here.
You have to keep buying.
On my part, on the pilot's part.
With the other people's part.
But yes, very natural fuel.
But that line makes him to make it look like it's something that's totally turned off.
It never gets turned off.
Wastes a lot of energy.
That power saw is very useful too if it happens. He wants to saw bore holes.
Or if he wants to drive a tornado, does he keep the saw racing?
No, but that's what he does.
He said, "Think and find."
So all day and night he was thinking, "What a big rest he's got on.
What a bunch of assholes. I wonder what's gonna happen tomorrow."
So he locked up this right here.
So he finds himself there.
And because he's thinking about something else,
the way he's got to be caring about his girlfriend,
the way he's got to be
Well, hey there.
You didn't make trouble?
[Laughter]
I like the sound of that.
Yeah, it's a real good glimpse into the future.
But I think the basic of it is saying that's what future seems.
Here I am.
Because this is the time. This is it.
If you were simply knowing that money could prepare us,
it doesn't just end well.
Our imagination creates the future.
I think I've been very fortunate, I've had a very interesting life.
I've done a lot of things, seen a lot of things.
But this was one of the things for me to be the reason for all the rest of it.
I've seen a lot of things.
But this performance seems to me to be the reason for all the rest of it.
It's my job to try to find people who can make for English again, this sort of thing.
And to make it available to them.
I don't think I've ever gotten to more important than that.
Although, who knows what's important.
I don't.
I asked my father, and he said, "No, you were not with him when he was called Romano.
You were with that family, there were several past and present, when he was in the Buddhist
tradition.
Both of the householdmen were associated with him at that time.
I asked my Romano, "Why is it that the Han are Buddhist Christians?
I asked Bartholomew, "Why is it that the Hannah Buddhist teachings are so appealing to me?"
He said, "Well, it's all about the formless and also the teachings of the Ramana, who was born in Hindu today."
"But the Ramana teachings are not merely so much Hindu as they are Buddhist."
So, as Bartholomew said, "The cause to know yesterday Buddha at that time, when he was on the planet."
I don't know, but it's like a form of human gesture.
I don't know.
It doesn't matter.
But the mind gets to worry about things like this, you know.
You say, "Oh, that's right.
She's putting on the American show.
She's a nun."
I'm not.
You're ugly, too.
So, you're not going to be able to do that.
I remember that message, you know what my story is?
Yes it is, but I don't want to tell you my story about his past life, this could be a long story.
No, that's a sad story.
I know, I know, but that could be a long story too.
Yes.
I was born in 1902 on a farm,
no, in February of '63.
Grew up on a farm, 10 miles out.
Went to Penn State to study agriculture
and ended up in the military.
I was a soldier.
I went to the States to study agriculture and ended up in liberal arts.
Went to provide a seminar in Chicago for a year.
I was a Presbyterian Pastor.
I wasn't ordained.
I was in a little church in Iowa for a year.
After I taught high school there, preached the show.
And then I decided that the
Pastor who would lead the class was not my thing.
So I got out of it.
I became an atheist for about 10 years.
That's all it was.
and went back to the farm
and I started to fast
I got a job teaching children
I think I was in high school in Pennsylvania
so that's in Pennsylvania
a little town called Prospect, North Africa
for a few years
and that's where I got involved
and my wife and I were still children
took off for Penn
to see the world before we got too old
we thought that might come pretty soon I guess
I worked there, then as a patient I got a job at the College Park and Railroad Express office.
Then my mother left a couple thousand dollars and in 1933 we took off for four years in medical school, both of us.
And children were three, five and six at that time, so I said, "I can't do it with the children."
I said, "We'll make it somehow." So we worked together and we both managed to get through.
We practiced medicine in Missouri for 10 years, general practice in a small town.
Our boss died of a heart attack when he was probably better, he was about 42 years old.
My mother moved to New Mexico in 1948 and started the general practice there.
And in 1951, our youngest son, he was 22 years old, was in the Navy during the Korean, yes, the Korean Unplugged, right?
And he was a radar operator on a plane, orbiting at night training.
Delivered mail to a base in New Jersey, but they're actually picking up reports and files on it, they're uncertain.
This came back in, I'm sorry, March 1951.
We never heard, never saw him again. We heard from him later.
Then in 1953 I cracked up my airplane.
The other tenants, they all managed to get out alive. I was the only one hurt, fortunately.
At that time, they'd taken him on Japanese people.
I was probably officer with the police in practice.
And uh, I said I don't know why I'm bringing these books here.
Because I don't like them myself.
If one was filming, I'd hate life after death.
Might not believe that kind of stuff.
I had heard so much less of it when I was in college, 10th grade.
And uh, figured, well he was pretty sharp.
If he believed this stuff about scientific and spiritual communication,
I don't think I've ever much thought about that book, but...
And it's...
This, yet again, is this other book, from my mom.
So this is a question.
That, in fact...
Well...
It's for a lot of reasons.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't know.
I've been to a lot of sites.
I think Ford came.
He spent four days with us.
Arthur was with us.
I think he's dead now.
He came to our place.
I've been running stuff in a little place like this.
I've never done anything like this before.
You know, we've been to world capitals.
We've been to a teenage infirmary and stuff like this.
We've come to this little town.
I don't know why.
But when the people's lives are taken,
But when the people's lives were taken, and so it was, so this gave us an insight into
the psychic thing.
Where in 1957, the older characters at that time of tradition, also psychic people, were
described as it.
They got on a sailboat trip, once again, later to Lucerne in 1957, with two other guys.
Eighteen foot sailboat, a strong cast iron for both, they rode the bottom of the boat
all night, got the mast, blew the horn, and then they got on the boat again.
And they were all in the boat, and they were all in the boat, and they were all in the boat,
and they were all in the boat, and they were all in the boat, and they were all in the boat,
He was out on a sailboat trip once again, Lake of Canoesia in the 1960s.
He was two other guys.
18-foot sailboat, a strong cast iron for both.
They rode the bottom of the boat all night.
Got the mast loose somewhere on that side and got the boat turned over.
But, um, the other guy, his don, or son, John, I think that's his name,
Well, he picked up two of those letters, so we did find out from that.
Still in my very conscious.
So let's put the pressure on us to find out what life's all about.
I've been kind of tried to go to an A-game, you know, and uh...
We did go to a basketball tournament in Texas, Missouri, because, kiddies...
I got to ride my little T-shirt, kid.
My dad thought we ought to go first, you know, so we said, "Well, let's do that, let's go."
So I would have been carried twice, I was sprinkled with a type of clay and dumped without a care in the world.
So you guys, you know, really, not many of you have ever thought of this, of this growing plant.
So, when I was 59, when I first started, and just opening up a hole,
I was understanding it, but I'd never run across it before.
You know, you know, do whatever society.
And he had all this stuff going. I was amazed at the amount of research that he had done by qualified men, scientists, and engineers in the field.
Because really, there is life after death. Really, there is death is nothing then.
And then, that was the lesson I took.
Well, death is to survive, but death is to die. That's actually my question.
What's it all about?
What's the whole picture?
Why are we here? Where do we come from? Where are we going?
So I began asking those questions.
Then I began to ask questions and began to get answers.
And then the books of the mystics began to come up.
One way or another.
Then, Reverend Andrew Hill, St. Theresa, St. John of Bronx, all the Christian mystics,
and everybody in the Hindu tradition, the Buddhists, the Zen,
And he began to provide answers to those questions, and finally he was here, and he was like, "What's it all about?"
And the time he comes along, he confirms all the things that John had said before.
That's a long story, but maybe that's as brief as it gets.
So, how fun.
I'm not going to say it's the best thing that ever happened to me.
It took me a little bit away from that.
Did the communion take place at all?
Yes.
No question in my mind.
Because what we did.
Yes.
I asked a couple of other psychics.
We found a number of cycles, some of them were very poor.
Communication, it's a little bit like the radio, which is what it meant.
So, there's that a way.
Well, I built a little one-tube set when I was teaching at the institution.
No, yes, in Iowa.
Back in 1924, we were teaching live.
And I'd never moved one page fast.
With headphones.
And one night on that set that I had built up my own little thing,
I heard a voice say, "This is Kent, this is Radio KMS Los Angeles."
"Oh my goodness, Kent, you're not doing that much. It was wonderful!"
I know all the statics, as you may remember, was all regular.
A lot of statics and nothing much else.
But I know I'd heard Los Angeles.
Well, sometimes it's not my place, there's a lot of status.
In some sites you get more clear stuff coming through.
Like RG40, it was a really good one.
RG40 was just 80% of what came through, it was probably true.
With Bethany, I'd say 95% of these.
But I still don't accept that it worked on me, because I don't make it my census.
A voice and a joy on a spiritual life gives it to us one to one day.
And this grace I would have. I think to me it's a great opportunity.
And when I talk about one to one, you see the feeling that is, the great insight that is,
I never really knew what love was until I felt what all of us love, everybody who has come
before.
I can never see anybody who has been tough about the way I live today, but I'm turning
into this guy and feel his love for me.
It's been a tremendous experience for me.
And so, I think we should, we should be like some of the fundamentalist brethren are in the Christian tradition.
They think that every word of the 6th is literally, verbally true.
You know. I don't believe that. I never did. But they relatively do.
And I don't think we should make that mistake with the Psalms.
That is a great communicator who is doing a tremendous job.
But look at what he does, if it makes sense to you, then do something with it.
As much as don't just listen to yourself.
If it doesn't make sense within your life, then waste any time applying.
And so this has been his attitude.
And if it sounds too good, then use it.
But if my approach doesn't appeal to you, find someone else who does, and then go work on yourself.
And I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm just glad we're doing this again.
Because I found you in that comment specifically on the source, on the course in those.
That's interesting, I heard that quote in relation to that certain deal.
That means, in that blog, that's what's all over the, I guess, the median time, too.
Well, did anybody ever be in town with anybody else?
No sir, but I was in town with a person reporting in.
I don't, I didn't say that.
I said he recognized the person.
No, I didn't say that 100% no.
Finally, you asked me a question about, uh,
his stuff materials. I read some of the material and found it horrendous, but nothing, you know, nothing to impress me for.
But, finally he said that one of the disciples had to come back because he had made some minor mistake.
He had to come back and go through more life times of pain.
I don't remember. I never read it myself.
But finally he asked Fox his question. Fox said, "I'm sorry, but I can't agree with that discussion."
The words said I was right.
So this would be very unjust to hit somebody to a pain by someone like that for some minor mistake.
I do remember saying this about the test here.
But don't take anything to be totally 100% true.
Before you start it, the better thing, um, don't believe everything that's written in your script.
Don't believe anything that's all the right that I've said.
Don't believe what's been taught in our tradition.
Don't believe what I say.
Unless you check it out for yourself and it makes sense to you.
I think I'm just wondering if I've got an idea about health and what it's like for you.
I don't know the answer to this.
I'm so sorry that in many money-bending cases,
in many money-bending cases,
there's only a potential murder coming to town.
Now, this question has gone up a little bit ago.
At one time, they gave the bars the money,
like this was done in the late 80s, so I've forgotten why.
And the bankers wouldn't lend me any money.
And they finally commented one time, he said, "I thought any bank would be willing to lend money for a purpose like this."
He said, "I'm learning many things in my time last year."
So I thought, "Damn, I'm smart now."
In 2012, she became the partner of my bargain company, Satchel.
When it comes to past years for two, I was 100% on what bargains is.
If it's time.
Now, we had one case where a Bartholomew master, a Bartholomew teacher from Ohio, New Mexico,
came through.
Very impressive, very impressive.
I was sorry we didn't back off a bit there.
But he said one time, he said, "Remember, this woman makes mistakes.
There are mistakes in communicating.
My brother Bartholomew makes mistakes.
There are mistakes on all levels.
You all make mistakes."
And so, I said, "Well, I'm going to tell you a story."
And he said, "Well, I'm going to tell you a story."
And I said, "Well, I'm going to tell you a story."
I'm not going to make a mistake in communicating. My brother, Bartholomew, makes mistakes.
There are mistakes on all levels. You all make mistakes.
And so, I kept this in mind.
This is what the photo says. Check it out. This is what I have reported. Check out what I have done to students.
To school teachers.
They've been hearing what you've come to say.
It's amazing.
Some of the things I don't accept what some of the people...
Maybe it's because I don't know enough.
Maybe someday I'll understand, I'll say "Oh yes, I see what you mean."
But we don't have to accept it just on faith.
Boy, you find faith sometimes, but even with the knowing, it's still...
[laughter]
Now, even since Austin, I now know what I'm going to believe when someone else is worried.
That's not the most important part of the Bible because I know who my health is, which is kind of, and I'm prepared that he is able to teach that which I have committed to him as I have taught the other.
Yes, but hold on a second, there's more than one experience I know.
I used to disbelieve it because somebody said it to me.
This is my thing, this is my answer.
If I ask you an experience, I'm an expert at that, yes.
Okay, so I'm going to ask you to tell me when you started doing yoga.
Tell me after you started. How long ago did you start doing yoga?
25 or so?
Yeah.
Okay.
What got you to doing it? What set you doing it?
Obviously, as you did it, you understood the value of your training.
Just as you had enough breath for it to be able to train for it.
But what's going to be the goal from once they've communicated, once they have that communication?
[AUDIO OUT]
[silence]